Ah, didn't you just let him go?
How can your business be done without letting him go?
Yeah.
A 7:30 lunatic is not something ordinary people can mess with
It's all your fault
Our teacher's heart is not afraid of 7:30
How about joining?
Not interested
What about today? I owe you one
I will give it back to you later.
Who cares?
Okay, okay, okay, you have character.
Bye bye
Come on.
Did you hear?
The Blood Gang disbanded
It looks like a newcomer did it.
Hey, Xiaojie heard that it was him.
Doesn't it look amazing?
Liu Bingbing is so broken now
Be quiet Liu Bingbing
That crazy
Dogs are not something that ordinary people can solve for me
Hey boss
They were just talking about you, just say it
I can still gag people's mouths
Am I not worried that people are afraid of being famous and pigs are afraid of being strong?
Hey, hey, you're the pig, hahaha.
What's up boss
7:30 so soon
Sure enough, it was 7:30
I haven't come to you yet, you come to me